---
layout: post
title: The Color of Hope!
---

 Have you ever thought of achieving your big dreams without a process, or ever consider to stop dreaming when there are no results. Considering these issues and the imperfect situations that many kids in Africa are passing through and the prevalence of ingenuine hope mission has led to my curiosity to know about ''The Color of Hope in Africa.'' 
 As a young boy growing up in disadvantaged community, I enjoyed playing soccer in Madayese and Igboliki area of Odopetu southwestern Nigeria. Admist the harsh socio-economic and poor environmental conditions that affected livelihood in this neighborhood, many kids like me found peace, happiness, and created memories kicking the ball with our feet playing for such local teams as Greater Tomorrow FC. This was more than a game of soccer, it became a lifestly that redefines our dreams, an attitude that initiates us into adulthood, baptizing us out of the everyday ghetto lives characterized  by social ills, crimes, and delinquencies.
 This story reflects the lives of many kids who are surviving the harsh realities in many low-income communities in Africa. Despite the community they live in, many kids are finding hope playing for local football academy that could in driving their dreams. The need to give recognition to these institutions and to offer more support for these juveniles in becoming champions while navigating the intricacies of life calls for urgent attention. If not, many of these under 13 and 14 youngsters who had dream of becoming great like their idols; Victor Osimhen, Lionel Messi, Christiano Ronaldo, Mohammed Sallah, Mbappe, and Benzema, may give up without proper support and encouragement. Their belonging to local teams such as Owoiya FC, T&K FC, Awoyaya FC, etc., is helping these youngsters to wear the color of genuine hope, inspiring a renewed strength, and victories over their challenges. Once these kids kick the ball at the popular CMS Primary School field in Bariga, they forget their stories of pain, focusing more on a brighter future that is been nutured by wearing the color of hop which gives us evidence of a better future. 
 I would end by saying ''Hope wears many colors, but genuine hope wears the color of resilience, and triumphs that are reinforced by love, care, and sacrifices. Reimaging our world can only be possible when we all wear the color of genuine hope.'' 
! [Hope Mission in Bariga](../images/HOPEAMBASSADORSINBARIGA.jpg)  
